Using sqlite db browser to easily view the database in a front end

Notes: Points lack a purpose. Currently rewards are based on completing missions, not on net point accumulation, so points are just a measure of how many total tasks the user has completed with no real world significance
The API also has no concept of authentication, so anyone is allowed to make any call. I have no idea how to even begin to approach security, so good luck to whoever's job it is to implement it

Missions-Stores all the missions the game is running or has run.
    MissionName-A human readable identifier for each mission
    Mission ID-A random string of characters uniquely identifying each mission
    NumberOfTasks-The number of tasks Associated with this mission
    TotalPoints-The total number of points completing each task in this mission will award
    Expiration-The end date of the mission, if it's intended to be run for a limited time. Currently the API does not check for this, to be implemented at a later date
    img_url-The url of the image to be displayed on the front page associated with this mission

People-A crude prototype of a user Table. Will probably need to be dropped completely and rebuilt from the ground up
    personID-A unique identifier for each person. Currently sequential numbers, should be a random string of characters.
    name-Just the first name of the person
    points-The net number of points the user has has accumulated
    CompletedTasks-A list of all the id's of the tasks that the user has completed, seperated by spaces
    CompletedMissions-Same as above but for missions

Tasks-A table listing all of the tasks the users can complete
    TaskName-A human readable identifier for each task
    TaskID-A random string of characters uniquely identifying each task
    Points-The number of points this task is worth
    ContentType-The type of content associated with this task. Current formats are images(img), text(txt), and youtube videos(vid).
    content_url-A bad name. Originally intended to be the url of the video or image associated with this task, but has also wound up being just the text for text content
    TaskDescription-A description of the task, intended to be displayed to the user
    Location-The location of the task. Currently stored as longitude and latitude coordinates
    varchar-A mistake that I can't figure out/am to lazy to delete
    MissionID-The ID for the mission this task is associated with
